The AI's code was a lot longer than mine, and added things that I didn't put in the prompt. It specified things like the language being English, it added text to the site itself and styling like font and padding. Another thing I noticed was that it put most of the content for the console log in separate lines, whereas I combined a lot so there wouldn't have to be so many console log lines. 

I'm mostly against AI. I especially don't want to use it in educational settings because having AI do something for me doesn't teach me the skills or knowledge I'm at school for. Coding especially requires a lot of trial and error to develop understanding, and fully relying on AI woudn't grant that understanding. I suppose I could understand using AI as a reference, but I don't think that's worth the environmental impact, especially when there's so many non-AI sources available that can be used for references instead. Overall, it just feels like cheating to me. 

I think I could explain most of the code of the AI version, since it's mostly the console log which is simple, but I couldn't explain how it did the prompt, since its not close to how the material from this week taught it. Also, it would probably be harder to explain if I hadn't done the project myself first. 

Even though the instructions for this assignment were fairly straightforward, by comparing my work to the AI's, I can see how different they can be with the same basic components. Whether I realize it or not, there are going to be things that I do that are unique that the AI won't be able to capture. 
